1) WAKING UP 

The character wakes up in the middle of the market, she looks at her feet and watches her hands as to prove it wasn't a dream. She turns around trying to figure out where she is. Her eyes start getting use to the darknesss of the place. 

2) DISCOVERING

The character starts moving around, trying to find the way out. She moves really slow so she doesn't trips with the objects that are on the ground as her eyes have barely got used to the darkness of the place. She sees a little light comming from the openning of what seems to be a metal curtain. The character approaches to the light and bends to the floor so she can see what's outside. It's night, there is an empty parkinglot and what seems to be an avenue at the end, some cars are passing by, there are some streetlights on the side walk. A car enters the parking lot and a big man comes out of it. He starts walking towards her.  

3) THE MEETING

She doesn't know why but she has the impulse of running away, she hides behind a wall in the middle of the hall as she stares at the metal curtain. The man starts rising the curtain. He stops right in the entrance, the light from outside makes only his shadow visible.He is a tall well-built man on a suit. He has a backpack from which, what it seems to be a hose, comes out. He turns around to close the curtain, he starts spraying a substance. The girls is scared, she tries to follow him but at one moment she loses sight of him. After a few minutes she starts hearing footsteps getting close to her. She tries to run away but her feet are like nailde to the ground. She sees him at the end of the halls. She starts asking for his help, she tries to explain what she is doing there, the man doesn't listen to her, he just keeps walking. 

4) DEATH

The man is close enough that she can even hear his breathing, she continues begging him to let her escape. The man stops for a second, he watches her from the top to the bottom. Like if she was an insect he grabs her by the neck and pulls her up, her little feet hanging on the air try to kick him. The man takes the hose and forces it inside the girls mouth, he pushes the button that let's the substance out. He throws the girl away. The girls is coughing, she tries to get back on her feet but she is too weak, she is dying. 

5) REVELATION

She looks at him, that's all she has strenght for. The man takes his mask away, he smiles back as he sprays the substance in his mouth. She starts closing her eyes, the last thing she sees is the man laughing. 



4)     